`AppFooter`: documentation (HDS-2502) (#1673)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/app-footer/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use this component

The `AppFooter` is used to contain a brief list of useful links and information relevant to an entire application. 

### Basic invocation with recommended content

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Author: We discussed previously that they are mostly relevant to Cloud applications so we may still want to mention that. @didoo @Dhaulagiri what do you think?

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Reviewer: A slight adjustment like this might be a bit more clear:

> recommended for inclusion in application footers for our cloud products like HCP and TFC.

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Author: Thanks!

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Author: @jorytindall Does that sound good? Any more massaging of the wording needed do you think? If you want to update your suggested change then I can apply it.

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Reviewer 2: Nope, that I think that makes the statement a bit more broad while focusing on the specific use cases 👍

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Author: ```suggestion
The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion in application footers for our cloud products like HCP and TFC.
```

> The `AppFooter` contains only a copyright by default. The provided `LegalLinks` child component is recommended for inclusion on HashiCorp Cloud application footers.

Author: I applied the version recommended by Brian. Going to resolve this thread, thanks

```handlebars
<Hds::AppFooter as |AF|>
  <AF.LegalLinks />
</Hds::AppFooter>
```

### StatusLink

> Add the `StatusLink` to provide information on the health of your application. Pass a predefined `status` name or use individual arguments to set `text`, `statusIcon`, `iconColor`, or `href` to create a custom status type.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add the `StatusLink` to provide information on the health of your application. Pass a predefined `status` name or use individual arguments to set `text`, `statusIcon`, `iconColor` to create a custom status type. Pass a custom `href` value to point to a custom URL.
```
